[full-ci] Service Accounts (#6427)
owncloud/ocis: services/settings/README.md

## Settings Usage

Services can set or query ocis *setting values* of a user from settings bundles.

## Service Accounts

> The settings service needs to know the ids of the service accounts. It doesn't need their secrets. Currently only one service account can be configured. It has the admin role. This can be set with the `SETTINGS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID_ADMIN` envvar, but it will also pick up the global `OCIS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID` envvar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settings service needs to know the ID's of service accounts but it doesn't need their secrets. Currently only one service account can be configured which has the admin role. This can be set with the `SETTINGS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID_ADMIN` envvar, but it will also pick up the global `OCIS_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID` envvar.
```
